cat and she has put a new challenge is
that this beautiful artist and host of
they see do not waste time and this time
has chosen to practice the dance I think
that I really found the exercise that
I liked it so much it's very attractive very
painful very difficult but if you can and
I love it because I found in the
folk dance a terrible attraction me
I like it a lot and it seems that I'm going to put
the tube in my house with this I tell you everything
this super cool sport I loved it
because good to work very many all
the parts of your body all
muscles also hurts the whole body
some muscles that still sometimes say
hours of work but nothing lies not
you work here as you do the weight with
your own because rather holding your
own weight
It's very cool I loved it fascinated me
believe me that good I have only recently
five days is still there is not avoided
but we are already learning is is very
good the teacher session sport very
old
what has been taking importance in the
last times then that is inés
start with the finally what to do
exercises in the vertical bar then
turned into alcohol dance with him a
little dance
we make barefoot
can see then for the groups more
strong we use tennis to grab
the structure of the exercise the force
of the exercise and to put him obviously
a little more difficulty or
we use the plugs
we already know that you have a new student
out there well effective
how do these classes dress as is
very good very well
there are not many techniques that you have
but very technical strength and little by
little bit has been improving because all the
world can make the mattress to me
is forbidden to say I can not that I do not
come out
there is the word no, it must be said
he was not lending me but I can not
love tell us what motivated you to do
this good sport previously I
they said that wanting world dance was a
good exercise for the body that what
totally unified and also that it was
very sensual according to what she says pure and
all in how much time you would already be
advanced and says that about three months
because in the fourth month is the graduation
and obviously in the fourth half
that you prepare the choreography that makes
graduation with everything and judges and everything is
very interesting we are going to invite you
to come to the graduation here
you arrive
we challenge also to know the beech
but how it has to be defined
good with verón has put we will try
organize something nice obviously for
that is in the ranking because of that
let's continue or we'll continue that I
if God allows it and obviously I
I would like to mix something of what I do
singer i like to mix the singing
with some strings to touch to learn
to sing English because there is a song
what
and dance and sing we do keep a
almost with this the states should
be dying of envy that I'm
next you need to put something on
meaning a study with an access
but good
to those who see escorts as
can you see keep supporting me and tell me if
you can if you can have your neighbor
but let's go with everyone I love
sure we will be in your graduation
to go with all carolina gálvez